adds activity for personal portfolio 3 in layout (#75)
Ada-Developers-Academy/core-unit-3: layout/activity-personal-portfolio-3.md

# Activity: Structuring Personal Portfolio

## Goals

Our coding skills improve with repetition.

In the final activity, we will finish up our personal portfolio website by laying out our elements on the page using the box model, `display` properties, flexbox, and/or grid.

## Activity Instructions

### Requirements

> Present the elements on the page as you see fit; however, if you need some inspiration, here are two common layouts you can replicate:

Author: ```suggestion
Present the elements on the page as you see fit by using the following at least once:
* a grid container with a few grid items
* a flexbox container with a few flex items

Both of these containers do not need to be on the same page. Try using one for one page, and the other for another page!

If you need some inspiration, here are two common layouts you can replicate:
```
